Hi, Jodi and Matt.

I enjoyed meeting Ronna and Mitch last month and would be pleased to continue our dialogue about Clifton Avenue Development's project at 7 Ware Lane. With this communication, I aim to provide a more complete picture of the proposition and lay out some next steps for the Sauerhoffs to consider.

The base price for 7 Ware Lane is $2,100,000. Through a change-order process that opens after the signing of an agreement to purchase, a buyer who gets involved in the project early (prior to the commencement of construction) has the opportunity to customize many aspects of the home and property. Examples include but are not limited to appliance changes or upgrades, decorative trim elements, built-in cabinetry, and customized hardscape features.

A lengthy specifications document is provided to a buyer upon the signing of a purchase and sale agreement. Due to the technical language used in that document and its granular level of detail, Clifton Avenue Development (CAD) also delivers a specifications overview that highlights the project's customizable features. CAD's objective with the overview document is not to provide an abridged version of the specifications (as the overview is not comprehensive), but rather to help facilitate decision-making where choices are possible, thereby ensuring an efficient build and maximum buyer satisfaction.

The Sauerhoffs have expressed interest in making some changes to the proposed home's architectural plans. CAD would be happy to accommodate this request within a design and development (D&D) phase. Over the course of a designated period of time, CAD would oversee an update of the current architectural plans to incorporate the Sauerhoffs' desired features. The final product would consist of revised plans, agreed to jointly by CAD and the Sauerhoffs.

Proposed details for the D&D phase are as follows:

1) Buyers would pay CAD a retainer fee of $5,000.00 for the architect's services and CAD employees' time.
2) Discussions specific to the home design, leading to architectural revisions, would commence upon receipt of the retainer.
3) At the end of the process if real costs exceed the retainer fee, overages would be billed by CAD at the hourly rates of $150 for the Principal and $95 for the Client Relations Director.
4) Within 30 days of the conclusion of the design/development phase, buyers would receive a refund of any retainer funds not applied to the work.
5) The D&D phase would take approximately two months.
6) Plans resulting from this process would be the property of Clifton Avenue Development.
7) At the end of the D&D phase, CAD would revise the specifications document for 7 Ware Lane to reflect the updated product.

To re-cap more generally, if the Sauerhoffs remain interested in 7 Ware Lane, next steps would be as follows:

1) P&S preparation and execution.
2) Specifications and customizations documents delivered to buyer.
3) D&D phase (~ 2 months).
4) Buyer review of current specifications and customization documents (concurrent with D&D phase).
5) Architectural design finalized; buyers' desired customizations to specs identified.
6) Purchase agreement signed.
7) Change orders created.
8) Construction commences.

I hope that this information advances the conversation in a productive direction. Please convey to Kenny that I would be happy to meet with the Sauerhoffs in person or virtually to answer their questions.

Thank you.

Best,
Doug